Update docs to clarify multi repo support (#2552)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/guides/multi_repo.md

```

SQLMesh correctly detects a breaking change and allows you to perform a multi-repo backfill.

> ## Configuration for multiple projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring projects with multiple repositories
```

> To add support for multiple repos, add a `project` key to the config of each of the respective repos. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add support for multiple repositories, add a `project` key to the config file in each of the respective repos. 
```

```yaml
project: repo_1

gateways:
...
```

> Even if you do not have a need for multiple repos now, it is probably a good idea to add a `project` key so that you can easily support multiple repos in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if you do not have a need for multiple repos now, consider adding a `project` key so that you can easily support multiple repos in the future.
```
